That's not possible.
A powerful blow from the three masters
It was so easily resolved by him
This is the powerhouse of the three saints in the later stage of the promotion
How did he do it in the early days of a saint?
So Yoshiji, who collapsed into the sea
This Xianjun was unscathed
It's really scary
It can stop the three of us from joining forces
Not half and half
Dare to ask who your Excellency is
The Immortal Sword that once killed the demons
You are Qingyun Xianjun
Qingyun Xianjun
He is really Qingyun Xianjun
Didn't he fall in the Battle of the Ancients?
He is still alive
We besieged Qingyun Sword Sect
Annoyed Xianjun
Now our three sects are completely doomed
I don't know Tarzan
Please Qingyun Xian will sin your interests physically and mentally
Trying to annex my Qingyun Sword Venerable
But I don't know that I have been tricked by the brave man
Killing each other with the Sword Sect
It will only become the paint of the demons
Sky Demon Sky Demon
This
Situ the day after tomorrow
Get out of here